Just so much money
Buy a car and drive you
Okay, I'll give you a few more hundred dollars.
Stop making trouble and go
Damn girl, take this money and get out of here
How dare you beat my mother?
Don't be angry.
My sister may have been in the Bai Family Jinyi Jade Food Restaurant before
Sister, just take the money.
It's not much.
But
It should be enough for your family's living expenses for a month
Now.
If Yaoyao doesn't appreciate it, he won't give it to him.
From now on
You have nothing to do with our Bai family
Even if you're out begging and starving to death
Don't come back to us
Sooner or later
You will regret what you said today
Hmm, just you
You make us regret and worry
What do you call him?
Why are you here?
You said that Yuanyuan is your lady
Yes, our lord and madam
To thank Mr. and Mrs. White
Miss Liu who takes care of our family
I specially prepared a rather generous filling
It's 1 million dollars. What do you say?